feat: support Vercel AI SDK 5 Beta (#189)
run-llama/chat-ui: docs/chat-ui/hooks.mdx

  return (
    <div>
      <p>Role: {message.role}</p>
      <p>Parts: {message.parts.length}</p>
      <p>Is last message: {isLast ? 'Yes' : 'No'}</p>
      
      {message.parts.map((part, index) => (
        <div key={index}>
          <p>Part {index + 1}: {part.type}</p>
        </div>
      ))}
    </div>
  )
}
```

**Returned Properties:**

- `message` - Current message object with parts array
- `isLast` - Boolean indicating if this is the last message

### usePart

> Access the current message part context within part components. This hook provides type-safe access to specific part types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Access the current message content within part components. This hook provides type-safe access to specific part types in the current message.
```

```tsx
import { usePart } from '@llamaindex/chat-ui'

function TextPartComponent() {
  const textPart = usePart('text')
  
  if (!textPart) return null
  
  return <p>{textPart.text}</p>
}

function ArtifactPartComponent() {
  const artifactPart = usePart('data-artifact')
  
  if (!artifactPart) return null
  
  return (
    <div>
      <h4>{artifactPart.title}</h4>
      <p>Type: {artifactPart.data.type}</p>
    </div>
  )
}

function CustomPartComponent() {

>   const customPart = usePart<CustomPartType>('custom-type')

Reviewer: 'custom-type' - is this correct? don't we always need a `data-` prefix?

  
  if (!customPart) return null
  
  return <CustomRenderer data={customPart.data} />
}
```

**Function Overloads:**

The hook provides automatic type inference for built-in part types:

> - `usePart('text')` → `TextPart | null`

Reviewer: data- prefix?

            >
              <ChatMessage.Avatar />
              <ChatMessage.Content>
                <ChatMessage.Part.Markdown />
                <ChatMessage.Part.Source />

>                 {/* Custom parts */}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                {/* Renderer for custom message parts */}
```
